[c/FF4500:EXTRA EXPLOSIVES]
We have decided that terraria doesn’t have enough fun explosives, so we came up with a solution! We introduce to you Extra Explosives! Extra Explosives takes old boring bombs and makes them useful again(Even in late game). You can even us the new combine feature (WIP) to make entirely new bombs from other materials and ammo. There is also a new way to reforge, we use bombs to reforge 3 items at one time! More info on the wiki. We are continuously updating and working on this mod, more explosives to come with some unique properties and explosions. Check us out on discord to voice your opinion and thoughts on bugs, balancing, and what other explosives you might like to see.
[c/00FF00:MULTIPLAYER COMPATIBLE] (May lag a bit sometimes if you use the big explosives)

[c/1cac78:Whats to come:]
V3.0:
New bosses!
More content!
More explosions!

Found an issue or a bug, let us know on discord, our homepage, or through Mod Helper!
[c/1cac78:Discord: https://discord.gg/UvwEDJ]

[c/FF4500:65 TOTAL ITEMS WITH UNIQUE ABILITIES]
Check our wiki for a full list

[c/1cac78:CHANGELOG:]
V2.1.1
Changed the BOOMerang to be more user friendly
Changed the small bomb buy amount to 18 silver
Changed a few things with Captain Explosive to make him more balanced
Change the NPC projectile so that it won't harm captain explosive or the player
Added the rainboom
Added more net coding for the nuke to minimize errors in MP
V2.1
Removed Captain Explosives Spawner Item
Completed The Extra Explosives Github Wiki
Updated Recipe List On Github Wiki
Fixed Hellavator bug
Fixed grammatical errors in tooltips
Changed Hydromite Recipe
Nerfed Captain Explosive's death
V2.0
Fixed Mod Integration
Fixed the C4 craft item to Myth anvil
Fixed the Flashbang sound
Fixed dust config bugs
Fixed multiplayer sync issues
Fixed issues with the offset for most bombs
Fixed some dust issues
Fixed chests breaking in MP
Fixed bombs not being able to break blocks along the edge of the world
Updated some bombs to be more user friendly
Updated Discord Server
Updated the reforge UI
Updated most sprites
Updated some of the tooltips for the explosives
Updated Forums Page
New Discord Rules
Optimized all current projectiles
Made large explosives lag friendly
Added the nuke
Added the rocket minigun
Added the flashbang
Added Hellavator
Added Troll bomb
Added the Air Strike
Added the bomb buddy
Added the Atom bomb
Added the BOOMerang
Added the meteorite buster
Added more config options for block/wall breaking
Added 2 new block types
Added a new debuff
Added new dust types
Plane?
New Boss Info?
Implemented Wiki - WIP
Implemented XML scripts
Change bullet boom item to Empty shell for "Combining"
Created a projectile template
And many more fixes		
V1.5
Fixed the heavy bomb
Worked out a bug for the C4
Added the reforge bomb
V1.4.4
Added Census support
Added Mod Helper support
V1.4.3
Added Calamity and Thorium bullet compatibility for the bullet boom
V1.4.2
Added the changelog back into the description
V1.4.1
Added Calamity & Thorium Compatibility
Fixed a few bugs
V1.4
Added recipes for vanilla bombs
Introduced bomb/ammo combining with Captain Explosive.
V1.3.2
Updated the defaults for the config
V1.3
Added Dust/Particle control - New config option to change Dust/Particle amount
V1.2
Added an icon
V1.0
Initial release
